hey guys took your treats here with
another super easy DIY project for your
LPS pet today I'm going to show you how
to make a super fun little pet bed bed
for your LPS pet for this project you'll
need either a Pringles can or a tuna
fish can a piece of cardboard two
colorful socks and either a pillow or
some colorful pom poms
and of course scissors and an exacto
knife when choosing your socks you might
want to try and go for ones that already
have holes in them because you will be
cutting your socks the first thing you
want to do is create the shape for your
bed if you have a tunafish can you can
simply clean it out and use that if you
don't then you're going to want to cut
the bottom off of a Pringles can using
an x-acto knife you'll want to cut off
one to two inches and you'll want to
make it a little bit lower this front
area then in the back not much just
maybe a half inch and if your edges look
a little jagged don't worry about it
because we're going to cover this with
the sock now you'll want to cut out a
piece of cardboard or to fit inside of
your container
again it doesn't have to be perfect you
can trace out a circle by flipping your
container over however that might still
be a little bit big so you'll want to
cut it slightly smaller than the circle
that you draw because you want it to fit
inside your container put your cardboard
to the sides and now wrap your container
with your sock like so fine you'll want
your towline on the bottom now we're
going to fold it back over our camp
again making sure that any different
color so here this is the the heel part
is underneath and so the top should look
something like this you'll have excess
fabric all around the edges and then cut
off the bottom of your sock once you've
cut off the bottom you're ready to place
your other piece inside ok now we want
to wrap our cardboard cut your sock in
half and then wrap your cardboard piece
inside of your sock you don't have to
cut your sock but it will bunch up a lot
more if you don't you'll have a lot more
fabric you only want a little bit of
fabric in the back so that it'll be at
the right height once you push it in and
you could tape it down if you wanted to
you really don't need to okay
and now insert and this will push down
the sides there you have a super easy
bed place your pillow or your pom-poms
hope it is good to go
well guys I sure hope you enjoyed the
video thanks so much for watching don't
forget to subscribe check rambutan clout
on Facebook be sure to tune in for my
next easy DIY project for your LPS pet
thanks so much guys bye